Miss Jiang
Your father has made a deal with Li Le
With 200 million 4.11 million a dime to marry you management
Your father and Li Le are preparing for their wedding
I'm here to pick you up to get married
That's what my father promised
What does it have to do with me?
I have the final say in who I want to marry
You're right.
But your father asked me to give you a message
As long as you can find
A dime more than Li Le's dowry
You can make your own decisions about your marriage
Can you afford the rich second generation big shot?
Ah!
As far as I know, your account 200 million 4.11 million
Isn't it just a little more than their bride price?
Lu Xuan, I'll lend you
Although I worship money
But I can't see how you say we are now
Be sure to punch them in the face today
Huh?
Why can't I turn around?
Come on, magic, give it a spiral.
Don't be in vain
No one can transfer the account to him today.
Let's get it in before we come
It has something to do with him
Everyone's bank cards are frozen
We are well prepared
But
Do you think this will force my girlfriend
Are you married?
But he had no choice.
If he doesn't get married
His father can make his mother bear 10 times the burden
At that time
They will be families and at risk of collapse
So let's just say that.
He has to abandon you and marry Li today
This path can be chosen
Hahaha how about it?
How is my revenge?
Just think you've eaten me all
I really can't think of any way you can do it.
Can keep him by your side
So you let us see
How do you keep your woman?
I can't give a higher bride price than Lao Tzu
Just watch me marry your woman honestly